General Instructions:
1.) Run the faculty.sql file, as the program uses the academicSkills database.
2.) Run the ProjectPresentation.java file, and input your credentials. The default password has been made "student"
3.) After typing in your username/password you will be prompted with a question asking if you are a faculty member, student, new user, or a guest.

Faculty Member Instructions:
1.) If you are a faculty member, type in the letter 'f' and press enter.
2.) The email will be: 'dj@rit.edu' and the password is 'dj'
3.) You will then be prompted with a menu labled 1-7. Enter a number to do the following:
      1 - Update your first/ last name, email, and office location.
      2 - Update the title and summary of a previous abstract you have uploaded to the database.
      3 - Add the title and summary of a new abstract to the database.
      4 - Add one (or multiple) of your skills to the database (Python, Java, SQL, Ruby, PHP, C++, Bash, or JavaScript.
      5 - Deletes all of the abstracts in your database
      6 - Enter in the names of 3 skills you would like to look up in the database to see the information of other faculty members with those skills.
      7 - Logs you out and exits out of the program.
      
Student Instructions:
1.) If you are a student, type in the letter 's' and press enter.
2.) The email will be: 'mm@rit.edu' and the password is 'Spiderman12'
3.) You will then be prompted with a menu labled 1-5. Enter a number to do the following:
      1 - Update your first/ last name, email, and GPA.
      2 - View the skills of any professor
      3 - Search for faculty members based on certain skills.
      4 - Add one (or multiple) of your skills to the database.
      5 - Logs you out and exits out of the program.

New User Instructions:
1.) If you are a new user, type in the letter 'n' and press enter.
2.) You will be prompted with a question asking you if you are a student or faculty member.
      For Faculty:
        1.) Enter in the letter 'f' then press enter.
        2.) Type in your first/ last name, email, office number, and password.
        3.) After inserting that information into the database, the program will automatically close. Rerun the java file and login as a faculty member 
            using the email and password that you had entered in the previous step.
      For Students:
        1.) Enter in the letter 's' then press enter.
        2.) Type in your first/ last name, email, and password.
        3.) After inserting that information into the database, the program will automatically close. Rerun the java file and login as a student  
            using the email and password that you had entered in the previous step.

Guest Instructions:
1.) If you are a guest, type in the letter 'g' and press enter.
2.) You will then be prompted with a menu labled 1-3. Enter a number to do the following:
      1 - Search for students based on certain skills.
      2 - Search for faculty member based on certain skills.
      3 - Logs you out and exits out of the program.




